>> This is "Nuevo."
After learning that the analysis
carried out on Urzi's videos
demonstrate its
authenticity, we should
continue to be very
interested in this case, which
might reveal something
more in the future.
Urzi, as if he were
a messenger, brings
us closer to a reality that
is not recognized by science.
But then how can we explain
that these UFOs of 5, 20,
or 100 feet come so
close to this man
and literally allow
him to film them?
It's hard to believe and
even harder to accept,
but this is the reality.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.
>> In continuing with the
sequence of videos recorded
by Antonio Urzi from
2003 until today,
we present to you the videos
that were recorded in 2012--
a year that, due
to its connotations
regarding the end of
the Mayan calendar,
extraordinary events
were expected.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> On December 22, Antonio was
able to film one of his most
amazing videos.
A rhomboid UFO, which, according
to the analysis of Giuseppe
Garofalo, is a solid
object in the lower part,
and in the upper part it
is composed of something
that seems to be plasma.
>> It's difficult.
I can't get it.
>> These images are
really unique in the world
of extraterrestrial research.
The UFO was more
than 9,000 feet high,
and it has been
estimated to measure
more than 100 feet in diameter.
This would be the first time
that Antonio would use his new
equipment with a
1,000-millimeter lens
and a large extender.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Now we have a
semi-professional camera
of great quality.
It's not huge, but
it's very efficient.
The camera is a Cannon 60D.
It is excellent, and the
tripod allows exact movements.
And this telephoto lens
is the most interesting.
It is similar to that
used by the Russian army,
with a power of
1,000 millimeters.
When I make films,
I can increase it
to 10,000 millimeters.
The only problem is that it
has no internal stabilizer.
That's why when I'm focusing
on an object I cannot avoid
a certain tremor
due to my nerves.
On April 17 of this
year, I managed
to film this UFO after
a break of three years.
Imagine how excited
I was, Jaime,
since three years had
gone by without having
a visitor like this.
My heart was beating so hard.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Not since three years ago.
UFOs of all types and forms
now appear at high altitudes.
There's a huge variety.
It's something incredible.
And it's not just about the
extraterrestrial flying ships.
Other things are also
manifested, like spheres,
plasma of all shapes and colors.
>> In 2013, Antonio Urzi and
Simona Sibilla were invited
to give a lecture in the city
of Florianopolis, Brazil.
There Antonio again
filmed strange objects
that appeared in the sky,
surprising the general public.
The researcher, Andrea
Perez Simandini,
was convinced that
it was a real event.
It is important to note that
Antonio recorded the object
with a conventional camera.
>> I'm convinced.
>> What does Andrea
Simandini think?
>> I'm more than amazed.
I checked if it was possibly
the iridium satellite,
but it is not.
Objectively, I would say
that it moved very slowly.
Besides, we're not within the
coordinates for that satellite,
which passes over the city.
>> It was at a standstill
without moving?
>> Yes, and it's
moving too slow.
That object is too
high to be a balloon.
It is too high.
>> On Friday, August 30, 2013,
Antonio would record another
UFO at high altitude.
The images of optimum
quality and all the details
can be clearly observed.
Antonio told us the
technical information
about the camera and lens,
a Samyang 2,200 millimeter.
The scenes lasted
almost five minutes.
Now we will listen to
Antonio Urzi making comments
on the phone with Pier
Giorgio, describing what he was
trying to film at that moment.
>> It's hard.
I can't get it.
>> Would it be in
another position?
>> No, I'm trying to frame it.
It's very unstable.
It's hard.
>> Take it easy.
>> I cannot expand it anymore
because it's over 2,000,
and I have it at 1,600 now.
I cannot do it.
>> If you focus on
it, can you see it?
>> Yeah, yeah, I
see it well, Pier.
But I do not understand
anything now.
>> Yeah, well, you
must concentrate.
>> I'm going crazy
trying to frame it.
Oh, what a beautiful sphere.
>> OK, very good, very good.
All right, then you
already have it.
>> Yeah, sure, I'm doing that.
I'm concentrating.
But it does not look good.
>> All right, very
good, very good.
Then you already have it.
>> It seems he does
not want me to film it.
Although with some pauses,
I managed to record it
for about three minutes.
>> All right, wait a minute.
Wait two seconds,
just stay on the line.
>> After that I
can call, Giorgio.
Not now because I
got disconnected
on the other phone.
>> OK, all right.
>> Now it's at a right
angle, but I cannot film it.
There it is again.
>> No, Pier, Pier.
Wait, I'm filming it.
>> How big does it look?
Is it big?
>> Wait a minute.
I'm having one of
my heart attacks.
Underneath it, it has a hole.
But as a structure, it
looks like the one from 2007
or August of 2008.
>> I remember there
are different colors.
>> It is a large metallic
object which occupies half
of the screen, Pier,
without using a zoom.
>> Wow, what an
excellent opportunity.
Keep filming.
I'll call you back
in 15 minutes, OK?
Keep filming, keep filming.
OK.
I'll call you back.
Bye.
>> Antonio presents here some
of the most important videos
for him.
It is interesting to
hear his comments.
>> This case occurred within
a two-week period which began
on June 4, 2004.
And here we see scenes
from June 17, 2004,
which are very interesting.
Although the image is
not of excellent quality,
we can see well the
reflection of the sun
because the UFO is
positioned in front of it.
For me, this is
very, very important
because it can be verified
using the analysis, which
shows it has an elongated
object, and it is not small.
>> The test showed the size,
which is important since it is
complicated for someone to
manipulate an object more than
100 feet in diameter.
>> Many people kept
saying this is all fake,
that they are miniature
models, that it is a deception.
It's not like that.
To prove this, we have critical
elements, such as this data,
including images and
laboratory analysis.
Those tests will then confirm
that it is a massive object
and that it is not small.
>> Some of the UFOs
measure only 15 or 20 feet.
>> In this case, the UFO has
a maximum size of 20 feet.
It's really not a small object.
Here we can see a
fascinating detail.
I had the window open
because many times
some people have
said that I filmed
a button attached to the glass.
But do not be fooled.
We have many
minutes in the video
where you can see that the
window is open and not closed.
That's why I ask people to think
and pay attention to details.
In this example, we see the
UFO starting to disappear.
Now, I'm going to
enlarge the image
and you can see the window open.
We can notice the
clouds are moving,
and they move just
like the object.
It's something
beautiful and fantastic.
We see that it is a
physically solid structure.
The window serves
as a reference.
And when the UFO leaves the
frame, I use a wide angle,
and we can see the window open.
This cannot be faked.
If I could create a
deception of this size,
tomorrow I would be hired in
Hollywood as a special effects
magician making a lot
of money, because it
seems that I can
manipulate and deceive
the people with my videos.
>> After the fascinating
videos of June and July 2004,
in November of that same year
he would record these UFOs
at night.
>> In this case, I
will expand the field.
And you can see the
structure that I
have in front of my house as
well as the luminous object
that will later transform.
You cannot say
that this is fake--
a toy, or a button, which many
people say without thinking.
This is a solid,
circular object.
And here we can see this light,
which illuminates the bottom.
Here is the violet UFO.
It is easily visible.
In this closeup, we
appreciate the violet light
that perfectly delineates
the figure of the object.
On April 29, 2007,
we filmed a ship
similar to this one
from November 27, 2004.
Observe the light projected
on the lower part,
the reflection of the soccer
field over which it flew.
My opinion is that this UFO
is of extraterrestrial origin.
This UFO is closer--
less than 500 meters
from our house.
These few seconds really
are fascinating due
to their characteristics
and color.
And even in the
dark, it can be seen.
You need to look
at all the details.
Here is the light
underneath that's reflected
from the soccer field.
In my point of view, this
is extraterrestrial origin.
>> On December 3, 2004, he
filmed for the first time
an object that was visible
on several occasions.
>> December 3, 2004.
Observe its movements.
It has light on the bottom that
is a reflection of the sports
field.
Making a comparison
with the video of 2007,
we clearly see that
it's the same UFO.
On May 8, 2005, I
managed to shoot
a completely different ship.
We have discovered that these
structures can be transformed
into luminous objects due
to a change of frequency
and vibration.
In this case, it is
a real flying disk
in the form of light.
Watch the video.
The strong luminescence
will cause a lens flare
that affects my lens.
It is this light
that we see here.
The intensity of the
light was immense
and caused this bright sphere,
which in reality is not.
I can assure you having
witnessed this very special UFO
that this light cannot
be produced on Earth.
I have a lot of experience
with these ships, both day
and night, and the energy
that comes from these devices
is totally different
from what we know.
It is not an artificial
light or solar.
Now I'm going to
present another video
from the 1st of July 2006.
In the early hours
of the morning,
there appeared a UFO
of the Adamski type
where the window and
light can be seen
and a small object,
a sphere, which
we do not know what it is.
A few people have only
seen these scenes.
I have a considerable amount of
material that I have not shown,
but now you can see them all.
Here it looks like it
was a window, a skylight.
George Adamski, who was
contacted in the '50s and '60s,
photographed a bell-shaped ship.
Here is an object near the UFO.
We don't know what it is, even
though the contact sometimes
has more information.
I have had contact
with these beings.
I will not talk more about that
because I do not have material
to show that I made contact.
But later, when I have proof,
I will talk about that topic.
I think I know a
good bit about this.
I know where they
are coming from
and what time they're
going to arrive,
and I see the message
of those beings.
>> Then Antonio gave the
testimony of what could be his
most significant experience.
>> These images were captured
with an analog camera.
I did not have an HD or a
telephoto to make closeups,
but it is possible to see
that this is the structure--
the silhouette of a being that
carries in her arms a child.
Here we have the comparison
made by Giuseppe Garofalo
at that time where you can
see the outline of this figure
with a classic iconology
of the Christian church.
See the position?
That's how it moved in the sky.
We can clearly see that there
are two different figures.
Something important
about this event
is that in Italy in December,
the Virgin of Loreto
is celebrated--
on December 12, the
Virgin of Guadalupe--
and on December 8, the
Immaculate Conception.
These are significant dates
in the Christian traditions.
When Giorgio
Bongiovanni told me,
"Get ready because the Virgin
is going to give you a signal,"
I never thought that she would
come to appear before us.
Fortunately, we have a video.
We have a date which agrees
with the Christian tradition.
And also the excited
witnesses who
observed this celestial
appearance in the sky.
Another critical part is when a
sphere appears near the Virgin,
for me, it is surely of
extraterrestrial origin.
Here we can look at the
arrival of a small sphere that
is placed to the left.
Here you can see it is the
sphere passing near the Virgin.
And it is positioned
there for a few minutes.
>> Next, Antonio presents
another of his favorite videos,
recorded on April 29, 2007.
>> This UFO is incredible.
Who would have imagined
that such an object would
manifest itself in this way?
Oh, look how beautiful.
We can look at the top.
We do not know if it is glass,
but it seems transparent.
Using our imagination, we can
see these beings observing us.
We do not know
why, but this ship
has specific color differences.
Perhaps it's due
to the time of day,
due to the reflection
of the light.
But we can see its
structure well.
As a reference, we have
clouds and sunlight.
Garofalo made
analysis on this UFO
as well as an
Arizona technician,
and it showed that it is
a big object, not small.
I felt pleased when they
explained it to me in detail.
This happened in 2007.
>> On December 3, Antonio filmed
another UFO that he considers
close to his heart.
>> This is a shocking video
which only lasts a few seconds,
but it's very important
for all its dynamics.
We have the building
as a reference.
I calculate that the object
measures maximum 20 feet.
The light that is reflected
is from the building
we see on the screen.
There's the building.
Observe its shape.
When I tried to zoom in with
a telephoto, the ship left.
This is a small, black
sphere that followed the UFO.
The building is greenish.
And the wonderful thing is to
be able to admire the shape
and contours of this object,
of which we do not yet
know its true origin.
We have another very
interesting UFO,
and with it we remember the
objects that Adamski saw,
which were all in the
shape of a bell at the top.
But before I clarify
that, many people
insist that what I
film is not uncommon
and that it is
from the military.
And I ask them, why military?
Why did they come looking
for me since I was a child?
With that, the theory of
military gadgets is over.
Now let's see the video that
I told you about before.
We have references,
like, for example, you
see that the window
is not closed
but open and corroborates
when I move away.
And You can clearly see
the window, the frame,
and the UFO that flies away.
Here you have as a
reference the frame
of the window, which is open.
I believe that this object
measured maximum 20 feet.
It was incredible.
>> Now Antonio describes the
extraordinary video capture
on December 22, 2012, the
day that marked the end
of the Mayan calendar and also
the beginning of a new era.
>> All the people said that
the end of the world was going
to happen, but
it's not like that.
It is a generational change.
And that was when
this UFO appeared.
In the middle of the
sky was a black dot.
I thought it was a UFO.
I focused on it with
more magnification.
And then we see the
structure of an object
in the shape of a rhomboid,
which in 2011 and 2013
appeared in Mexico in a
shocking video showing
a similar structure.
Here you have it.
Here is a sphere, which is
always close to the UFO.
We can see the
structure in detail.
The lower part is dark,
and, according to Garofalo,
the upper part seems to
have different dimensions
and is transparent.
It is a fascinating video.
Very, very interesting.
>> He recorded another
exceptional video on August 30
of 2013.
These were his comments.
>> On August 30, 2013,
exactly eight months apart,
in front of my house
appeared an elongated UFO,
a metallic silver structure.
We have a building
as a reference.
And that day I was on the
phone with Giorgio Caria.
I managed to film some
closeups, and in that way,
I observed the object
in great detail.
It would seem that it
had a hole in the bottom.
The final analysis
showed that it is
a large object and not small.
The reflection of the sun
was taken into consideration.
And because of its
position, the object
was flying over
my house, and here
are these scenes that show it.
>> On April 15, 2015, he would
record one of his last videos
of that year.
>> In this case, we have
as a reference the trees,
and that beautiful UFO
with a flashing gold color.
We do not know more
details of this object,
but we can deduce that
it is a spaceship flying
in the sky of Cinisello Balsamo.
The object is striking.
We see the sun, which
illuminates the UFO.
It was a pleasant afternoon.
I spent more than five
hours waiting in the forest
for the UFO to appear.
I had everything ready to film
the encounter that I was sure
was going to happen, but
it seemed that everything
was going to be in vain.
My wife, Simona,
called me to dinner
because it was already late.
It was almost 8
o'clock at night.
I had been there since 3 o'clock
in the afternoon in the forest.
And at the moment I was packing
the photography equipment,
this incredible ship appeared.
>> It would be three years
before Antonio filmed another
UFO again.
It happened on April 17, 2018.
The fact was also announced
by Giorgio Bongiovanni.
>> Here we have memorable
scenes of a real ship
of extraterrestrial origin.
I assure you that they
filled me with emotion.
I hope people
really get motivated
when they see these scenes.
I saw the ship because Giorgio
Bongiovanni, who was a mystic,
called me a week earlier and
said, "Antonio, get ready
because the next UFO will
be a gold-colored ship."
Here are the results--
a fantastic UFO.
It was a terrific day.
And then the UFO appeared
in size very large,
and the color is natural.
There's no trick.
It merely reflects the sunset.
Again, having witnessed
this, I assure you
that all this
happened like that.
It's just beautiful.
You can really appreciate
the whole structure.
This is the last ship I filmed
in this period on April 17,
2018.
It is this first
sighting of the year,
and after three years,
the most important thing
I can present to the
world as evidence.
The most important
thing I can present
to the world as evidence.
I am honored to
receive these visitors.
Sometimes I cannot find the
words to express how excited I
am to be the conduit
for this contact.
I believe I am a
bearer of a mission.
I know it's a mission.
Those beings told me.
They confirmed everything
I'm going to do this year.
I thank the journalist
Jaime Maussan.
Because of him, my case
is known more and more.
Also I thank the researcher
Pier Giorgio Caria
as well as my great
friend Giuseppe Garofalo.
It is a great team, and we do
it with the help of heaven.
Unfortunately, people
still do not believe.
They must experience
this for themselves.
I'm sure that very soon
these beings and their ships
will appear before
the whole world.
The problem is that
many people still
do not understand that
we are being visited
by another intelligence from
other planets helping us,
especially those who
love life and truth.
>> This is the life and
history of Antonio Urzi,
a talented man who wants to
achieve fame as a fashion
designer and who has lived
one of the most extraordinary
experiences in history.
>> This is a case out of
the ordinary experience,
a case that presents
extraordinary evidence.
This evidence has not
only been investigated
and its authenticity
demonstrated,
but it's also available to
professional researchers,
to computer specialists
who wish to carry out
their own analysis,
where, very likely,
they will obtain
the same results.
In the next episode
of "Nuevo," we
will present to you
the conclusions.
I am Jaime Maussan,
and I will see you
in the next program of "Nuevo."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presented "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.